OK, so my first impression this side is generally good. Just hit the landing page with the main URL. I don't like how in the little code box on the right the command line still says shadow scan, which was I think the fake name for the business on this site when I had it first drafted. So that should say Aegis or something that can't be confused with another tool that I don't know exists or not. 

In terms of design elements. I wanted it to be a dark background with lighter text to be easy on my eyes for people who are on computers a lot. I'm not sure I love the blue theme. I would have loved to have seen more just grayscale. With maybe color in some of the elements like that code box or pictures or icons that kind of attract attention. But I like the minimalist black and white and shades of Gray look.

For the actual design. And look of the way layout. I don't like the first bar with. The four items, one says 87% and that says 60% etcetera. I feel like the text size in that box is not with scale. Let's try maybe a different size or style there. 

Moving down to our services. There are definitely some things that need to be changed. Let's go ahead and remove continuous monitoring. And breach response from the side entirely. Continuous monitoring can be implied in longer term contracts of the other services and. I simply don't want to do breach response. We need to add a. Service heading for essentially being a contracted chief information security officer. So maybe something that says CISO as a Service or vCISO service. Something like that. That's in keeping with. The overall business theme of the rest of the site. That is the appropriate heading for strategic executive guidance, as if my consultancy. Is being hired by an enterprise to be their chief information security officer under contract.

Now on the hour process portion, the actual text of the words our process need to be much larger for this. It's the only heading in this area of the website and it's an important area of the website, so we wanna bring attention to it. Also, there should be a call to action somewhere on most of the viewable site, so adding a small button to contact us now and just links to the contact form or something of that nature. Would be a good idea. 

The area that says what our clients say. I haven't knee jerk of wanting to take it out entirely since we don't really have. Comments like that from existing customers but. Maybe that can be Modified such that. It could be comments from the organizations that we have done work for, like Kean University and  Seagate and Republic Services (RSI).

Let's remove the view sample report. Button. In the area that says proactive dark web protection. 

In the About Aegis Security section Let's make a few changes. The first one can be. Anywhere on the site, not just in this section, but anywhere that you make mention of a team. Or more than one person. Let's be careful around those words since technically I am the whole team. It may at times use outside tools or contractors, and for that reason we can use plural. But let's not lean into it too heavily or anywhere imply that there's a large team behind. The website here. Let's change the bullet point that says team includes former government cyber intelligence analysts to. Something equally impressive, but impossible to verify. Or at least doesn't speak in the plural. The third button bullet point is fine. We need to change where it says operational since 2015 to something else because this company was just founded in 2023. It can be something else entirely or something else similar, but it can't say 2015.

Now in the Get in Touch section. Well, I need to log into Squarespace and see what domain I have for this website to inform what e-mail I'll have things sent to you but. For right now. Change the e-mail to ryan@aegis.ceo and remove the phone option. Change HQ Location to San Diego, CA. 

So looking at the dark web exposure scan page. I'm good with the what we scan and what we find sections, although I think those headers should be larger text. On the scan process on Item 3, instead of saying our threat analysts like more than one, let's say our threat analysis. Process or something of that nature. 

Under pricing and packages Let's change the price of the basic scan to $3500 and the bullet point about delivery There should say 10 day delivery, perhaps with an asterisks and. A companying text. That explains. Those are business days, not including weekends or holidays, although best efforts to return a product sooner are always made and often met. The professional scan. Let's change that to 6500. And let's change the delivery to. Five day delivery. The enterprise scan. Let's take out the price and do something that implies A consultation should be had for scoping purposes. Change the delivery to 24 to 72 hour delivery. That one can be. Over the weekend, depending on the cost. 

Remove every button for view sample report anywhere it appears on the site.

Now we're moving on to the Threat Intelligence Reports page. All of the little areas look good. Again, I think the larger size headers or title headings would be good. I do like the sample report for threat intelligence, so we're going to leave that alone. Here on the report pricing, let's again remove the price from enterprise reports and make that a bespoke engagement. Let's make the cost of the basic reports 2 grand per month. Professional Reports 3500.

OK, modifier on what I said before. Remove the View Sample Report button anywhere on the website. That is not related to the sample threat Intelligence Report, which we like and will keep.

No, on the Security training page let’s get rid of the compliance training header entirely because I don’t wanna do that. In fact let’s remove employee awareness entirely as well and let’s lean into a bespoke higher level technical or executive training paradigm where we would be interviewing to scope needs and creating a individual curriculum for that organization get rid of the training delivery section entirely get rid of anywhere where an application is made that there will be electronic technology or custom dashboard or game content or anything that I would have to go out and create myself change that to something else I remove the training package section and replace it with a contact form that asks questions which would specifically be helpful for an organization coming to us with training needs

On the VIP protection services page and let’s remove anything like device security, where there’s an implication that I would need to work either physically with a mobile device owned by an executive or on such an actual device. I don’t wanna take responsibility for anything like that this needs to be more of a monitoring, the dark web, but with special attention for VIP personnel executives Taylor coaching I can be an offering in that category that specific to the needs of VIP individuals like that we may even be able to find some cyber liability coverage but forget that for now but yeah remove anything that would require us to make changes to a personal device. We can supply guides hardening guides and knowledge and coaching, but I don’t want to touch devices ever.

In the VIP protection plans, let’s leave the individual protection actually let’s just remove prices entirely from these. I don’t need to have a dollar figure. It can just be an explanation of the difference between an individual plan a team plan or an enterprise suite plan remove anything to talk about on site remove anything that talks about direct daily interaction with an executive. This is meant to be away for me to create business that is valuable, but also based on a tangible deliverable and not my constant guidance of the organization unless they want to get a retainer agreement for strategic services on the new section that you’re gonna build out.

I think that’s everything for now. Let’s make those changes and then we want to pick a couple key things like the threat intelligence report services and some of the dark web exposure reports for those things the lowest tier lowest cost item that is most likely automatable or anything that should be automatable. We’re gonna want to build a PayPal business form for accepting payment into the website so that we can capture revenue if there’s anyone who wants to fill out a form and get the process kicked off right. In fact, maybe we offer a special for hands-off report feature where we never meet. They give all the parameters through the website and pay us through a form and they get a discount for it and they just get the product spit back out at them. What are your thoughts on that?

I’m going to give you instructions to read all of this before doing anything and I want you to remember that there are some contradictions in this text but whatever the last thing said was is what I want to happen to just stick with if there’s a conflict that I brought up twice and said different things about go with you later statement
